I say so I squeeze records this wheel
it 's my world will find me every day ago
kristen uncertain with all the center
reason so I express myself on one
instrumental type of basiglio then I never
went to whores i run and if i find one
turn you will not see me changed but me
I would find work and passion more married
what represents me
started from the base, I look at the law
routes to fill the void for a lifetime
a way to go I hope you are
finite cries this name between final
half sauri from this name comes to whom
he has little talent for music and
proud supply to bring in
turn this feeling as a reference
and seeds lose orientation point
so my day
the veins have been flowing for some time now, no proof
can stand the food
now cloud info taggia da
first time i lost that door and i have
found my fight music and little love
at first glance I am an exhibitionist in
track my name on the list the best
of the scene between calls the exorcist
in our heads we remain facing the
window people want to do views I leave
in sixth I live with what May was
an engagement in the street that we shoot it
apart from every battery you do so and yes
back with the new piece of air and w ad
every single day that my pace
almost splits and 2500 that I live this
shit